
=head1 NAME

farg - Removes unseeable and ghost alpha from PNG images.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

farg [-h -g -r -o -p -e] -i image.png

=head1 DESCRIPTION

optipng is a good tool for automatically optimizing images, but it doesn't ever
reduce available data. Specifically, if an image has even B<one> pixel with
a different alpha, the entire image will keep the alpha layer, wasting space.

farg attempts to remedy this by ignoring the alpha layer, unless there is a
large amount of alpha pixels. This saves a lot of data, with little-no quality loss.
farg B<always> overwrites the input image, so make a backup if you want to keep the original.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-h> display a short help text

B<-i E<lt>imageE<gt>> The input image to optimize. This flag is required.

B<-g> Set operation mode to B<G>hostbust. See section L</GHOSTOPTS> for more info

B<-r> Remove unseeable alpha layers.

B<-o> Set operation mode to B<O>ptimize. See section L</GHOSTOPTS> for more info

B<-p> Set operation mode to GhostB<p>ass. See section L</GHOSTOPTS> for more info

B<-e E<lt>levelE<gt>> Set the optimization level passed to optipng. See optipng(1) for more info.

=head1 GHOSTOPTS

farg can operate in three operation modes:

B<Optimize>: Enable a shitton of wacky calls to optipng because why not.

B<Ghostpass>: Passes the name of the file containing the ghost data
               to be dealt with by a different piece of software.

B<Ghostbust>: Removes ghost data in a simple way.

=head1 AUTHOR

Daemon Lee Schmidt, with small contributions from Zach Mertes

=head1 SEE ALSO

optipng(1)
